Presentation docs contentrelatedinstances (#3016)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Content/ContentRelatedInstances.md

| *Content Modifiers*                                       |
| [`relatedProperties`](#attribute-relatedproperties)       | No        | `RelatedPropertiesSpecification[]`                                                    | `[]`    |
| [`calculatedProperties`](#attribute-calculatedproperties) | No        | `CalculatedPropertiesSpecification[]`                                                 | `[]`    |
| [`propertyCategories`](#attribute-propertycategories)     | No        | `PropertyCategorySpecification[]`                                                     | `[]`    |
| [`propertyOverrides`](#attribute-propertyoverrides)       | No        | `PropertySpecification[]`                                                             | `[]`    |
| [`showImages`](#attribute-showimages)                     | No        | `boolean`                                                                             | `false` |
| *Misc.*                                                   |
| [`relatedInstances`](#attribute-relatedinstances)         | No        | [`RelatedInstanceSpecification[]`](../Common-Rules/RelatedInstanceSpecification.md)   | `[]`    |

### Attribute: `relationshipPaths`

> Specifies a list of [relationship path specifications](../Common-Rules/RelationshipPathSpecification.md) to follow when looking for related instances.
> Either a single or an array of specifications may be specified for this attribute. Specifying an empty array makes the whole specification a no-op.

Reviewer: @grigasp Is my suggestion factually accurate?

```suggestion
Specifies a chain of [relationship path specifications](../Common-Rules/RelationshipPathSpecification.md) that forms a path from an input instance to the output instances. When this array is empty, the specification produces no results.
```

Reviewer 2: yes

```ts
[[include:ContentRelatedInstances.RelationshipPaths.Ruleset]]
```

> ![Example of using "relationship paths" attribute](./media/contentrelatedinstances-with-relationshippaths.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following is a result of selecting one instance of `bis.Model` as input for the ruleset above:

![Example of using "relationship paths" attribute](./media/contentrelatedinstances-with-relationshippaths.png)
```

| [`propertyCategories`](#attribute-propertycategories)     | No        | `PropertyCategorySpecification[]`                                                     | `[]`    |
| [`propertyOverrides`](#attribute-propertyoverrides)       | No        | `PropertySpecification[]`                                                             | `[]`    |
| [`showImages`](#attribute-showimages)                     | No        | `boolean`                                                                             | `false` |
| *Misc.*                                                   |
| [`relatedInstances`](#attribute-relatedinstances)         | No        | [`RelatedInstanceSpecification[]`](../Common-Rules/RelatedInstanceSpecification.md)   | `[]`    |

### Attribute: `relationshipPaths`

Specifies a list of [relationship path specifications](../Common-Rules/RelationshipPathSpecification.md) to follow when looking for related instances.
Either a single or an array of specifications may be specified for this attribute. Specifying an empty array makes the whole specification a no-op.

```ts
[[include:ContentRelatedInstances.RelationshipPaths.Ruleset]]
```

> ![Example of using calculatedProperties attribute](./media/contentrelatedInstances-with-relationshippaths.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Example of using "relationship paths" attribute](./media/contentrelatedinstances-with-relationshippaths.png)
```

```ts
[[include:SharedAttributes.PropertyCategories.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using propertyCategories attribute](./media/contentinstancesofspecificclasses-with-propertycategories.png)

### Attribute: `propertyOverrides`

Specifications of various [property overrides](./PropertySpecification.md) that allow customizing individual properties display.

```ts
[[include:SharedAttributes.PropertyOverrides.Ruleset]]
```

  |        | Result                                                                                                                    |
  | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | before | ![Example when doing normal property select](./media/contentinstancesofspecificclasses-with-propertyoverrides-1.png)      |
  | after  | ![Example when selecting with related properties](./media/contentinstancesofspecificclasses-with-propertyoverrides-2.png) |

### Attribute: `showImages`

> **Default value:** `false`

Should image IDs be calculated for the returned instances. When `true`, [ImageIdOverride](../customization/ImageIdOverride.md) rules get applied when creating content.

> 

Author: Does not exist, neither is it needed.

Specifies an [ECExpression](./ECExpressions.md#instance-filter) for filtering instances of ECClasses targeted through the [`relationshipPaths` attribute](#attribute-relationshippaths).

```ts
[[include:ContentRelatedInstances.InstanceFilter.Ruleset]]
```

  |                | Result                                                                                      |
  | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | without filter | ![Example when selecting all instances](./media/sharedattributes-with-instancefilter-1.png) |

>   | with filter    | ![Example when filtering instances](./media/sharedattributes-with-instancefilter-2.png)     |

Reviewer 2: Does the image really match what the ruleset returns for the iModel?

Author: There is a ContentModifier applies to reduce the amount of properties. In this case it's mainly set to show the pitch property
```json
{
	"ruleType": "ContentModifier",
	"class": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "SpatialViewDefinition" },
	"propertyOverrides": [{
	"name": "Pitch",
	"isDisplayed": true
	}]
}
```
